Document constraints batch 5 (#358)
BookingSync/bookingsync-api-docs: content/reference/endpoints/rates_tables.md

# Rates Tables

## Overview

> This resource represents Rates Tables - a resource for grouping price-related resources (such as Rates Rules, Seasons, Periods) for [Rentals](/reference/endpoints/rentals/). Rates Tables can be shared between Rentals to make them reusable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This resource represents Rates Tables - a resource for grouping price-related resources (such as Rates Rules, Seasons, Periods) for [Rentals](/reference/endpoints/rentals/). Rates Tables can be shared between Rentals to make pricing setup between rentals reusable.
```

Also, there is a bit tricky logic on Core that handled changes to rates table on rental depending on the rates management of that rental (you can check Rental spec from line 548)
But basically if rental has external rates management and a `private` rates table, user will not be able to change this rates table to a different one or update it to a shared table

Author: @adamgrad can you suggest a change for it then that would cover all the cases?

public_notes     | String  | Read       | Rates Table's public notes.
-----------------|---------|-------------------------
created_at       | [Time](/reference/enums#formats) | Read       | Rate's create time.
updated_at       | [Time](/reference/enums#formats) | Read       | Rate's update time.
{: class="table table-bordered"}
  </div>
  <div class="tab-pane" id="rates_write" markdown="1">
Name             | Type    | Read/Write | Description |
-----------------|---------|--------------------------|
account          | Integer | Read       | Account's ID related to the Rates Table |
seasons          | Array   | Read       | Seasons' IDs related to the Rates Table |
rates_rules      | Array   | Read       | Rates Rules' IDs related to the Rates Table |
periods          | Array   | Read       | Periods' IDs related to the Rates Table |
rentals          | Array   | Read       | Rentals' IDs related to the Rates Table |
-----------------|---------|--------------------------|
id               | Integer | Read       | Rates Table's ID. |
name             | String  | Read/Write | Rates Table's name. | **Required**, Maximum length: 50, cannot contain non-printing characters

> shared           | Boolean | Read       | Rates Table's shared (between Rentals) status. (Rates Table is always marked as shared when creating or updating through API) |

Reviewer: Actually, what is the reason for us to enforce shared tables everytime (Even if created as private by user) ? 🤔

Author: I'm not sure really, but that's how it works 😅

Reviewer: ok, then  let's leave it this way for now
